Tonight, we're putting celebrities under pressure.
in the hope that one of them cracks.
Is it fair on them? No.
Is it fun for me? You betcha.
This is The Weakest Link.
Behind me are eight famous faces
wondering if this might be the last they ever see of their.
They're each trying to win up to £50,000 for charity -
but to do that, they'll have to work together.
Seven will leave with nothing,
as round by round, we lose the player voted the weakest link.
Let's meet the team.
I'm Mel B, I'm a Spice Girl, a women's rights campaigner,
and I'm from Leeds.
I'm Nick, I play Tony in TV's Hollyoaks and I'm from London.
I'm Robert, a carpenter expert on the show Sort Your Life Out,
and I'm from north-west London.
I'm Arielle, I'm a DJ and presenter on Radio 1, and.
I'm Shobna, I'm an actor and an author,
and I'm from Lancashire.
I'm Eamonn, I'm a broadcaster, and I'm from Belfast.
I'm Denis, I'm an actor,
I'm from Crieff in Perthshire.
I'm Briony, I'm a TV chef and Great British Bake Off
semifinalist from Bristol.
Fantastic intros, guys, huh?
Feel the energy in the room, huh?
What you're feeling right now is pure buzz.
I'm very excited for you.
OK, here are the rules.
In each round, the aim is to answer enough questions.
to reach your target within the time limit.
The target for round one is £2,500.
The fastest way to get there is to work together
to create a chain of eight correct answers.
Get your question wrong,
you break the chain
and you lose all of the money in that chain -
but if you press your button
and say bank before the question is asked,
the money is safe and you begin a new chain from scratch.
You've got two minutes and 30 seconds for this round,
and we'll start with the person most likely
to preface whatever part of the country they're in
with the word "sunny".
That's you, Eamonn Holmes.
Thank you very much. You're very welcome.
Let's play The Weakest Link.
Start the clock.
In fairy tales, which character.
in the rush to leave a ball by midnight,
has a name that relates to the ashes found in a.
Cinderella.  Correct. Denis.
In leisure, a large circular ring
that can be spun around the waist, limbs or neck by rotating the.
has what two-word name?
Hula hoop.  Correct. Briony.
In food, people from Devon and Cornwall disagree
about the order that jam and cream should be served
on which baked product?
Scones. Correct.  Bank.  Mel B.
In technology, the social media.
in 2023 to become known by what single-letter name?
X.  Correct. Nick.
In transport, the reflective road studs.
to distinguish traffic lanes have.
pig's ears or cat's eyes?
Cat's eyes.  Correct. Robert.
What consumer magazine
that independently reviews products and.
sounds like the name for a woman with.
who rides on a broomstick?
Which?  Correct.  Bank.  Arielle.
In TV, the reality dating show where people seek romance
without seeing the face of their prospective.
is titled Love Is what?
Blind.  Correct.
Shobna.  Bank.  In the military,
what T comes before "army" in the former name
of the volunteer force that has been.
Territorial.  Correct. Eamonn.
In sport, what is the name of the object
traditionally made with cork and.
that is struck with racquets in a game of badminton?
Shuttlecock.  Correct.
Denis. Look at your screen.
This is a still from which 1996 film?
Sorry. No.  Mission: Impossible. Briony.
In space, the type of huge black hole
found at the centre of most large galaxies
are described as what? Mega bulky or.
Super massive.  Correct.
Mel B, given to civilians for their service or.
the title Member of the Order of the British Empire
is commonly known by what three-letter.
MBE.  Correct. Nick.
In business, the alliterative term.
with no profit in order to attract.
Sale.  Leader.
Robert.
In pastimes, the extra playing card in a standard pack
that usually features an image.
Joker.  Correct.
Arielle. In religion, according to.
which patron saint drove the snakes out of Ireland?
Um...
St Patrick.  Correct.
Shobna. In fashion, in the name of a type of fragrance,
the abbreviation EDT stands for "eau de" what?
Toilette.  Correct. Eamonn.
In expressions, the phrase "par for the course"
comes from a suggested performance.
Golf.  Correct. Denis.
In the human body, what F is the name for any digit of.
The correct answer is finger.
Celebrities, I can tell you that you banked £550
out of a possible £2,500.
That's exactly the reaction that.
LAUGHTER
If I was still a teacher, I'd give that sort of a C minus
and tell you to concentrate a bit more.
So, who thinks Prosecco is the.
Who thinks the pie chart is the menu in Greggs?
One of you is about to leave with nothing.
It's time to vote off the weakest link.
Well, at least the team are off the mark
with some money banked.
There were lots of correct answers in the round,
and the only slip-ups came from Denis and Nick.
How will this first vote play out?
Voting's over.
It's now time to reveal who you think is the weakest link.
Nick.
Denis.
Sorry, Nick.
Nick.
Denis.
Well, a very tense first round, as they always are.
Nick, how do you feel about how that first round went?
I was just glad it was over.
I didn't want to go first!
Uh, what made you vote for Denis?
Well, I think it was me or Denis.
We both got a question wrong. I think it was as simple as that.
Yeah. You know, nobody did.
..which is unfortunate in terms of the voting thing -
and for me, as the host of this,
trying to...trying to get the viewers up.
Um, Denis, Mission: Impossible, not.
Well, I have to confess, it was terrible -
I look at that photograph and, um...
I think he's a terrible actor...
Right.
..and I looked at the photo, and went, "God, he's a terrible.
and I couldn't remember the name of the movie.
Sorry, Tom, love.
Oh, if only the question had been,
"What do you think of Tom Cruise?"
If only it had been that.
OK, well, as you can tell,
Nick and Denis have received the same number of.
Which means in the event of a tie, it is down to the strongest link
from that round to decide who actually goes -
and that is you, Eamonn.
So my question to you is this -
do you want to stick with who you originally said,
or would you like to change your mind?
No, I will not be changing my mind.
So, sorry, Nick.
Ever since he piloted that X-Wing aircraft in Star Wars,
I've always had a soft spot for Denis.
So, Nick, it's over.
Uh, Nick, you OK?
Yeah. My mum will be really upset.
Will she?  Yeah.  Aww.
Mine will too. She loves you.
Er, Nick, I'm sorry to say, it's been a delight to have you on,
but with four votes, you are the weakest link.
Goodbye.  Thank you.
I'm feeling a bit sad after being voted the weakest link
because me mum's a big fan and I wanted to do her proud,
but that's just - that's just how you got to take it,
isn't it, really? There's nothing you can do about it,
and just get the early train home.
Round two.
You've banked £550 out of a possible 2,500.
There's seven of you left,
and we are going to take 10 seconds off the clock.
We're going to start with the strongest link
from the last round - as we know,
that's you, Eamonn.
Let's play The Weakest Link.
Start the clock.
In Greek mythology, Jason and.
set out on a quest to find the object known as the Golden what?
Fleece.  Correct. Denis.
What word follows Whitby
in the name of a former monastery in North.
and goes before road in the title of a 1969 album by The Beatles?
Sorry.
Abbey. Briony.
In cookery, the technique that.
where the ingredients are tossed.
is called stir what?
Fry.  Correct. Mel B.
In theatre, the songs One Jump Ahead, Friend Like Me
and A Whole New World feature in the stage version
of which Disney musical?
Beauty and the Beast.
Aladdin. Robert.
In money, if one banana is priced at 50 pence,
how much would five cost?
£2.50.  Correct.
Arielle. In history,
Dynamo, Overlord and Market Garden.
carried out during which World War?
II.  Correct.
Shobna. In music,
the 1999 UK top ten single One Week
was released by a band with what name,
Barenaked Ladies or Butt Nude.
Barenaked ladies.  Correct. Eamonn.
In literature, "Marley was dead.
of which Charles Dickens story?
A Christmas Carol.  Correct. Denis.
In retail, what W is a high street chain that closed in the UK in 2009,
which sold a wide selection of goods,
including pick and mix sweets?
Sorry.  Woolworths.
Briony. Look at your screen.
What is the name of this MP3 player?
iPod.  Correct.
Mel B. In film, the character portrayed by Ryan Gosling
in the 2023 film Barbie has what name,
Ken or Deirdre?
Ken.  Correct. Robert.
Which metropolitan area in West.
was announced as the UK City of Culture for 2025?
No. Pass.
Bradford. Arielle.
In animals, capable of speeds of more than 185mph,
the world's fastest bird is a peregrine what?
Eagle.  Falcon.
Shobna. Time is up.
Celebrities, I can tell you at the end of round two,
you have put in the bank...nothing.
GROANS AND LAUGHTER
Er, to be honest, that round was so bad,
I nearly sort of just walked away from the podium.
So, who thinks Kate Bush
is something you can buy at a garden centre?
Who thinks an alpaca is a llama that's gone.
Thank you, Briony. One of you is about to leave with nothing.
It's time to vote off the weakest link.
Oh, heck.
That's not how I hoped that round would go.
Not a penny banked!
Once again, Eamonn is the strongest link.
Denis came unstuck
and, with the most incorrect answers, is the weakest link.
I feel this might be an easier vote for the team.
Voting's over.
It's now time to reveal who you think is the weakest link.
Denis.
Mel B.
Uh, listen, I think it's fair to say it was a tough round,
but I've got faith in this team.
You're going to turn things around. I mean, you have to.
LAUGHTER
You... Genuinely.
I mean, it's more a plea.
Please!
Uh, I guess there's a lot to pick from that round -
what I would do is remind you, as a team,
it is a timed round, and...
LAUGHTER
..and it's - and it's going on television.
Um...
Er, Briony.
Hi.  The jam and cream debate.
Yes.  For a scone, what goes first, in your opinion?
I do cream, then jam.
OK. I do...
..um, neither. I'm vegan,
I think scones are morally.
but - but...  What if I made you a nice vegan scone?
Oh, then I'd love it.  OK. I'd love it -
and then you'd make cream out of liquid
that's been milked out of a chickpea or whatever.
Mm, yeah, yeah.  Shobna.
Yes.  There was a test of maturity in that round.
Was there?  Butt Nude Dudes.
And I'm sorry to say that you failed.
Why did you vote for Denis?
Um, Denis took the most time.
Sorry, Denis.
No, it's OK.
Um, Denis, uh, tough round for you.
Well, yeah.
I don't know how I couldn't get the word Abbey out, but there you go.
Yeah.  No, it's not because you hate the Beatles or anything?
No, I don't hate the Beatles.  Yeah.
You're so disappointed that you didn't get the answer,
you actually apologised, which was.
Uh, some others here could learn from that.
Um...
LAUGHTER
..but I'm sorry to say, Denis, that with six votes,
you are the weakest link. Goodbye. Thank you.
Well, uh, being the weakest link -
at least I was the second weakest link.
I fully expected to be the first.
The thing about doing something like this, for me,
is I can remember lines,.
I have a lifetime's experience of doing that -
but facts, what happened yesterday,
who people are... No. Terrible.
Round three.
You have got £550 out of a possible £5,000 so far.
In this round, we are upping the stakes.
Not only are you down to six players
with another 10 seconds coming.
but the target is now £5,000.
They're going to start with the strongest link
from the last round -
that's you, Eamonn.
Let's play The Weakest Link.
Start the clock.
Which vegetable that is a.
sounds like a word for an accidental loss of liquid?
Leek.  Correct. Briony.
In 1978, which animated rodent.
to be honoured with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Mickey Mouse.  Correct. Mel B.  Bank.
In world geography,
which city in California has.
that translates from Spanish into.
Los Angeles.  Correct.
Robert. In history, what S.
of Emmeline and Christabel Pankhurst,
who fought for the right of women to vote?
Suffragettes.  Correct.
Bank.  Arielle.
In TV, after Channel 5 stopped.
which Australian soap was picked up by.
for their Freevee platform?
Neighbours.  Correct. Shobna.  Bank.
In politics, which of these is the author of Das.
whose political ideas led to.
Karl Marx or Groucho Marx?
Karl Marx.  Correct. Eamonn.
In alcoholic drinks,
the shot made from a combination of coffee liqueur and.
is called a baby what?
Of... Of what?
Of Irish...?  In alcoholic drinks,
the shot made from a combination of coffee liqueur and.
is called a baby what?
Baileys.  Guinness.
Briony. In imperial weights and.
two stone is equal to how many pounds?
28.  Correct. Mel B.
In mythology, the West African.
is generally depicted as being.
Goat.  Spider.
Robert. Look at your screen.
What is the name of this garment?
Oh... Sari.
Correct. Arielle. In landmarks, which building in Rome
was used for gladiator fights
and is also known as the Flavian.
Colosseum.  Correct.
Shobna.  Bank.  In leisure,
what P precedes the word "stick" in the name of a children's toy
that has springs to make the user hop on the spot?
Pogo stick.  Correct.
Eamonn. In film,
the main antagonist of the Scream franchise is known by what name,
Ghostface or Pokerface?
Sorry, could you repeat the question?  Yes.
In film, the main antagonist of the Scream franchise
is known by what name, Ghostface or Pokerface?
Ghostface.  Correct.
Bank.  Time is up.
That was a good bank.  Yes!
Well done.
Celeb team, I can tell you that you put in the bank £1,100.
Yes!  Yes!
How good do you feel?
You'd feel even better if you hadn't done nothing in the.
But that's good, right?
So, who thinks Flemish is how you speak when you've got a cold?
Who thinks antelope is when insects run away to get.
Ant-elope.
I do like that one.
One of you is about to leave with nothing.
It's time to vote off the weakest link.
They've turned it around.
Thank goodness.
Lots of correct answers and banking from the team.
Mel B and Eamonn each got a question wrong.
I'm not sure how this vote will go.
Voting's over.
It's now time to reveal who you think is the weakest link.
Eamonn.
Mel B.
Mel B, how are you?
Oh, really?
Talk to me. Are you...? How are you...?  It's terrifying.
Yeah.  Yeah. Are you finding it horrifying?
No, I mean... Yeah, I am, actually.
Yeah. OK.
No, thanks for your honesty.  Yeah.
I appreciate it.
Um, is there anything I could do.
Maybe smile? Yeah.
Um...
How did you feel about the eight-legged goat?
Well, you said mystical.  Yes.
And goats are mystical, to be fair to you.
And I used to own two fainting goats.
Two fainting goats?
Yeah, so I just gave them a homage.
Yeah. Fainting goats?
Yeah - but let's focus on the Los Angeles, the one I got right.
OK. Yeah, you did get Los Angeles -
and that's hard, because how would you have known?
I mean, you lived there. For 14 years.
Um, Eamonn, how have you found the quizzing experience so far?
It's really good. I know all the answers to all of the questions.
I just can't remember them, but... LAUGHTER
..if this was like a multiple choice quiz, that would be...
I would be fine on it.
Er, now we have another tie on our hands.
Mel B and Eamonn, you've received the same number of.
and as we know now, in the event of a tie,
it's down to the strongest link from that round to decide who goes,
and that is you, Shobna.
Oh!  So, my question to you is this.
Well, I've never been a strongest link.
Well, congratulations!
Do you want to do an acceptance speech or anything?
No, go for it. Go for it.
Just imagine I've got an.
and I can tell you that the strongest link for that round...
..was Shobna.  Oh!
Thank you.
That's my speech.
Er, what are you going to do?
Are you going to stick with who you originally said,
or are you going to change your mind?
I think if you write something, you've got to stick with it.
OK.  So, I'm sticking with Mel B.
Sorry, Mel B.  It's OK.
Mel B, how are you feeling about that?
Well, I mean, I did get one right.
Eamonn got two wrong.
Did I?  Did he?  Did he?
No, he only got one. Well, he took a long time.
I'd like a VAR decision on that.
You took a long time to give your answer.
You took up a lot of time. Right, OK.
I mean, the time you took is enough time for a goat to faint twice.
LAUGHTER
Mel, are you holding any grudges against...?  A lot.
OK, good to know.
Where's the girl power gone?
I - exactly.
I mean, not exactly. I'm impartial, I don't know.
Well, listen, Mel B, obviously, you're a legend,
it's been an honour to have you on the show,
but I'm sorry to say that with three votes,
you are the weakest link. Goodbye.
I'm not leaving.
Oh...
LAUGHTER
I think anybody that gets.
feels like a loser weakest link!
Did Shobna make the right decision?
I'm gone, so, obviously, I think not,
but probably she still thinks she did.
But it is what it is.
You can relive that walk of shame and many more
by pressing the red button
to take you to other.
Round four. You've banked £1,650.
There are just five of you left,
and we are taking another 10.
off the clock, which means you have two minutes
to bank a possible £5,000.
We're going to start with the strongest link from the last round -
as we know, that's you, Shobna.
Thank you. Let's play The Weakest Link.
Start the clock.
In literature, the 1864 Jules.
about the trek made by Axel and his uncle
is called journey to the centre of the what?
World.
Er... Earth - I can't accept that. Sorry.
Eamonn, in sport, which cyclist
who became Britain's most decorated.
announced her retirement in 2024?
Oh...
Agh!
This is one of the ones I know, but can't remember.
Sorry, I can't remember.
Laura Kenny. Briony.
In language making, a decision
between two equally undesirable alternatives
can be referred to as Hobson's what?
Decision.  Choice.
Robert. What word follows "Polly" in the name of the doll
that was originally less than.
and goes before "money" in an.
Pocket.  Correct.  Bank.  Arielle.
In Western astrology, there are.
12.  Correct.
Shobna. Bank. In nature, during.
plants absorb carbon dioxide and.
Oxygen.  Correct.
Eamonn. In media,
what B is generally used.
when playing a video caused by a slow or.
What B?
Backlog.  Buffering. Briony.
In celebrities, the 50 Shades.
who is the daughter of Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson,
has what first name?
Dakota. Correct. Robert. Bank. In world.
the Falkland Islands is a British.
in the southern part of which ocean?
Mediterranean.  Atlantic.
Arielle. In numbers,
which of these amounts is smaller,
a score or a baker's dozen?
A baker's dozen.
Correct. Shobna.  Bank.
In music, in 2024, which Australian born pop star
was the inaugural winner of.
for Best Pop Dance Recording?
Kylie Minogue.  Correct.
Eamonn. In history, which number.
was the first to land and allow humans to walk on the moon?
Which Apollo mission?  Correct.
Apollo 11.
Correct.
Time is up.
Celebrities, you banked £400.
So, we did get some money.
You're really scraping to find a.
OK, so who thinks pound sterling is a brother of Raheem?
Who thinks...
LAUGHTER
Great. I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Who thinks Will Smith is someone who makes wills out of metal?
One of you is about to leave with nothing.
It's time to vote off the weakest link.
That was another toughie, wasn't it?
The strongest link is now Arielle, getting all her questions right.
Eamonn is now the weakest link, with two wrong answers.
I'd say he's on thin ice.
Voting's over.
It's now time to reveal who you think is the weakest link.
Sorry, my man. Eamonn.
Eamonn.
Briony.
Arielle, what's your general feeling.
Do you find it nerve-racking, or are you pretty chilled?
I'm terrible at them...  Right.
..but I seem to be doing all right today!  You really do.
You've just got a very calm, focused kind of.
I'm actually more terrified of.
than the actual questions.  Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm quite gentle, you know.
It's a friendly roast, you know? A sort of a...  Vegan roast.
Yeah. There you go.
Not as good as a normal one.
Um, why did you vote for Eamonn?
The last few rounds, he's just taken a lot of time,
and I think that's just as important as giving a wrong answer
and then moving on.  Mm. So it's mainly about time taking.
Robert, I assume that's the same reason that you voted for.
Yeah, it's the taking too long,
and even after taking longer, we've got a couple of the.
Yes. OK, well, you said it with a smile,
but you really did deliver some.
"Well, it's just that I found his behaviour
"during that round unacceptable, and..."
LAUGHTER
"..he took ages, and he also got the answer wrong
"and it made me quite angry,
"and I was sort of holding on to quite a lot of rage, Romesh.
"Thank you for asking."
Um, Eamonn, how are you feeling about these votes?
Oh, fine. I'll take that on the chin.
That's fine.  Yeah?  Yeah.
I mean, I would say that what slightly did for you
was one of the questions,
the answer was buffering,
and that's what you seemed to be doing
as you were trying to find the answer.  Yeah.
But have you sort of achieved about the level
that you thought you were going to,
or were you hoping to go all the way?
Oh, no, you would hope to go all the way,
but, you know, it depends the luck of the draw.
Well, Eamonn, I am very sorry to say...
I'm sure you are!  I am!
I am very sorry to say that, with four votes,
you are the weakest link. Goodbye.
The Weakest Link was one of the strongest things I've ever done.
It's a lovely programme, great.
and it's nice to say, "Been there, done it, got the T-shirt."
Round five.
So far, you have banked a total of £2,050.
We are taking another 10 seconds off the clock,
and only four of you are remaining -
but the target is going to increase again to £7,500.
We're going to start with the strongest link
from the last round. That's you, Arielle.
Me?  Yes, it is you. Yes.
Did you want to... Did you want to do a speech or anything?
No. Sorry, I don't, no!
I've never been the strongest link, ever.
I don't need to do a speech. I was just a bit shocked.
OK, well, listen, good for you,
and maybe it's something you can process later.
Yeah.  Let's play The Weakest Link.
Start the clock.
In transport, which motorway running.
to Gretna Green in the Scottish Borders is the longest in the UK?
M74.  M6. Shobna.
In entertainment, which of these science.
was created first, Star Wars or Star Trek?
Star Trek.  Correct.
Briony, what bone in the upper arm has a name
that sounds like an adjective used to.
Humerus.  Correct. Robert.  Bank.
In politics, a series of.
by President Roosevelt is commonly.
Rules.  Deal.
Arielle. In soundtracks, which 1985 film starring Molly Ringwald
about students in detention
features the song Don't You Forget About Me?
Footloose.  Breakfast Club. Shobna.
In astronomy, the structure orbiting.
that took over 40 missions to assemble
is the International Space what?
Station.  Correct. Briony.
In media, what V is the title of a British comic for adults
that featured characters such as.
and Billy the Fish?
Vimto.  Viz. Robert.  Bank.
The 1990s TV drama about five young lawyers
including Amita Dhiri as Milly.
is titled This what?
Repeat it... Repeat it for me?
The 1990s TV drama about five young lawyers,
including Amita Dhiri as Milly.
is titled This what?
Oh...
No. It's gone. No.
Life. Arielle. In animals,
a zorse is the offspring of a horse and which African mammal?
Zebra.  Correct. Shobna.  Bank.
In the New Testament, the disciple.
for how many pieces of silver?
One.  30.
Briony. Time is up.
Final four, you put in the bank £750 -
and you did do a lot of banking nothing.
Congrats on that.
We just pressed bank as much as we could.
Yeah, it felt like it had become a real strong habit.
So, who thinks Manhattan is right next to.
Who thinks that Roald Dahl was entirely made of lentils?
One of you is about to leave with nothing.
It's time to vote off the weakest link.
Oh, wow. That was all over the place -
but at least some money was banked.
Shobna did well with the most correct answers.
She's the strongest link.
For the first time,
Robert is the weakest link.
He didn't get any questions right.
Over to the vote.
Voting's over.
It's now time to reveal who you think is the weakest link.
I love you to bits, but Arielle.
Robert.
Uh, Shobna. Judas Iscariot.
Quite a cheap guy, in your opinion.
I know!  One piece of silver.
Well, you know, somebody who.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Doesn't matter how much.
Um, what made you vote for Robert?
Well, it was just time with Robert, that's all.
It took a lot of time again.
Robert. You did take a bit of time.
I know. I did...
Bearing in mind that you gave
that sort of smiling assassin.
of Eamonn taking his time.
I did feel like you sort of -
I mean, much as I like you, Robert, you did take quite a bit of time
with some of those questions, didn't you?!  I did, I did.
The answers could not come to me. So...  Yeah.
No - it's difficult. Listen, it's the pressure. I get it.
But you know what? I'm still amazed that I've made it this far, so...
Well, listen, you've done very, very well.
You've given a great account of yourself.
I think you should be very, very proud -
but I'm afraid to say, Robert,
that, with three votes,
you are the weakest link. Goodbye.
You get asked the question, then it's like you kind of go blank.
You go in this fog, and in your mind,
you're trying to flick through the pages of a book
to try and find the answers, and you can't find it.
So that's what makes it so nerve-racking.
It's like nothing I've experienced.
Round six.
You have banked £2,800, and,.
for a show that features Mel B,
girl power - we are down to our final three,
and I'm hoping you're going to bring home a big total.
Another 10 seconds are coming.
and we're going to start with the strongest link
from the last round - that is you, Shobna.
Oh!  Let's play The Weakest Link.
Start the clock.
In pop music, which '90s group
that was named after a.
included Tony Mortimer and Brian.
E15.  East 17.
Briony. What word meaning when something is.
sounds like moisture found on grass in the early morning.
Oh...
Oh, I can't remember. Pass, sorry.
Dew.  Oh.  Arielle.
Look at your screen.
This production is taking place
in which London theatre?
Shakespeare's Globe.
Correct. Shobna.
Bank. In music, invented in the 18th.
the U-shaped steel device
that, when struck, produces a note of.
is called a tuning what?
Fork.  Correct. Briony.
In fashion, the style of flat sandals
without a heel or toe covering are known by what name,
swingers or sliders?
Sliders.  Correct. Arielle.
Bank.  In current affairs,
Caroline Lucas, Natalie Bennett and.
have all served as leader of which.
Lib Dems.  Green. Shobna.  Bank.
What word follows "street" in a term for outdoor murals and.
and goes before "Garfunkel"
in the name of a singer who formed a duo with Paul Simon?
Art.  Correct. Briony.  Bank.
In gaming, 13-year-old Willis Gibson became the first.
to beat the Nintendo version of which.
Um...
Oh, er, Pac-Man.
Tetris. Arielle.
In history, a group of spies
that included Kim Philby and.
are commonly referred to by.
Cambridge Five or S Club 7?
Cambridge Five.  Correct.
Shobna. Bank. In literature, the 1982.
that focuses on the life of Celie, an African.
in the Southern United States,.
The Color Purple.  Correct.
Time is up.
Final three. The top three.
The creme de la creme.
You won £1,250.  Whoo!  Yes!
Thank goodness for that.
In the next round, not only does the money go up to a possible £10,000,
but you get the chance to double what you bank,
meaning that the next round is worth a possible £20,000.
So, think very, very carefully.
Who thinks Jake Gyllenhaal
is just inside the Jake Gyllen front door?
LAUGHTER
That was a good one.
Who thinks an Arab sheikh is a Middle Eastern drink?
One of you is about to leave with nothing.
It's time to vote off the weakest link.
Well done, team - a great round.
Remaining as the strongest link is.
Briony has become the weakest link,
with two out of three questions wrong.
Who will make it through at this crucial stage?
Voting's over.
It's now time to reveal who you think is the weakest link.
Briony.
Arielle.
Shobna.  Yes.
You've been very, very good across this whole show.
You've done well. Are you pleased with yourself?
Well, I'm surprised.  Mm.
I'm surprised!
I mean, you also have looked quite frightened the whole time.
Yeah, I am frightened.
I am extremely shy, actually.
Right.  So, it's kind of...
Yeah, it's a bit... It is a bit shocking.
Um, tough, though.
What made you vote for Briony?
I think she had a few wrong answers.
I'm not sure whether I had the same amount or not, but...I'm not sure.
She seemed hesitant.
Got you. Arielle. Are you pleased?
I mean, you said you found the whole thing terrifying.
Yeah.  You've got very, very far.
I really lucked out.
There's absolutely no skill to this at all.
OK.  I'm just going to be honest!
What made you vote for Briony?
I think, like Shobna said, we all had similar wrong answers,
but I did know the dew question and Tetris.
So, I was like, "Oh, actually..." Yeah. Fair enough.
Briony, do you feel like you've accepted this.
Once a semifinalist, always a.
So, you know...
That's all right. I'm OK with it.
Briony, I'm sorry to say, you have been a fantastic.
but, with two votes, you are the weakest link.
Goodbye.
Well, I couldn't stand the heat.
I had to get out the kitchen.
Couldn't even make it to that final.
Really pleased at how far I got,
and didn't feel like I embarrassed myself too much.
Round seven.
So far, you have banked £4,050.
This time you have just 90 seconds -
but whatever you bank will be doubled,
meaning that this round is worth a possible £20,000.
We're going to start with the strongest link from the last round.
That's you, Shobna.
Oh!  Let's play The Weakest Link.
Start the clock.
In food, what E goes before cake
in the name of a common pastry filled with dried fruit
that originated in a town.
Eccles.  Correct.
Arielle. In social media, which app.
an unfiltered photo of themselves.
within a two-minute window each day?
BeReal.  Correct. Shobna.  Bank.
What word follows "carrier" in the name of a bird
trained to deliver messages and.
to complete a term for assigning.
Pigeon.  Correct. Arielle.
In the United States, the.
that celebrates the end of.
is held annually on which date in June?
13th.  19th.
Shobna.  Bank.  In music,
the title of the 2020 UK number one album by Dua Lipa is.
Perfect.  Nostalgia.
Arielle. Look at your screen.
Which British water bird is this?
A heron.  Correct.
In biology, the coronary artery.
to which organ of the human body?
Heart.  Correct. Arielle.  Bank.
In celebrities, the actor Zoe.
is the daughter of fellow.
and which American musician?
Lenny Kravitz.  Correct. Shobna.  Bank.
Which noble title, when it precedes "de Sade"
in the name of the French writer,
sounds like a large tent used to provide shelter at outdoor.
Marquis.  Correct. Arielle.
In money, Andrew Bailey succeeded.
as the governor of which.
Goldman Sachs.
Bank of England. Shobna.  Bank.
In vehicles, what H is the type of car with a large door at the back
which incorporates the rear window
that allows for easy access when.
Hatchback.  Correct.
Time is up, final two.
You put in the bank...
..£1,250.
We're going to double that and add it to your previous winnings,
meaning a total prize pot of £6,550.
Well done.
But only one of you can take that money away
for your chosen charity tonight.
It is time to go head-to-head.
In this round, it's the best of five.
Whoever answers the most questions.
Simple as that.
Shobna, as the strongest link in the last round,
you have the choice of who goes first.
Um... I'll go first.
OK.
For the final time tonight, let's play The Weakest Link.
Shobna.
In shared names,
what word is both the name of a dance move
performed by bending the elbow in front of the face
and an acronym of Digital.
I don't know.
The correct answer is DAB.
Oh, yes.
Arielle. In literature,
which character created by Arthur.
is the main nemesis of Sherlock.
Dr Watson.
Incorrect. It's Professor Moriarty.
Shobna.
In theatre,
which musical, first performed in the West End in 1960,
includes the songs I'd Do Anything and Food,.
Oliver!
Correct.
Arielle.
In music, what is the sum total
when the titles of the first four studio albums by Adele
are added together?
I'm going to say it's 85.
Incorrect. It's 95.
Shobna, in religion, the names.
are commonly attributed to which.
typically included in a nativity.
Three Kings.
I'll accept that.
Also known as the Three Wise Men.
Arielle. In TV,
in 2024, Derek Thompson made his final.
in the drama Casualty, having.
Dr John.
Incorrect. It's Charlie Fairhead.
Shobna.
If you get this correct, you win the game.
In beverages, which champagne brand
takes its name from the French monk who died in 1715
and who had developed the.
to improve the quality of wine?
Moet.
Incorrect. It's Dom Perignon.  OK.
Arielle. You have to get this correct to stay in the game.
In the Beano comic, the kids from Class 2B,
including Danny, Toots and Plug, attend which school in.
Beano High.
Incorrect. It's Bash Street -
which means congratulations, Shobna.
Wow! That was so hard.
You are tonight's strongest link,
and you win £6,550 for charity.
Congratulations.  Thank you.
That was a tough head-to-head.
Well done to both of you.
Which charity is your money going to?
It's going to Dr Kershaw's Hospice,
who provide palliative care
and care for people at home with life-changing illnesses.
A fantastic cause. Well done, Shobna.  Thank you.
Arielle, you leave with nothing.
That's all from tonight's show.
I'm Romesh Ranganathan, and whatever.
Goodbye.
There were two things I was terrified of -
a roasting from Ramesh
and the walk of shame and falling over and face planting,
and I managed to avoid both of them.
And also, I was in the presence of a Spice Girl,
and as someone who is the biggest Spice Girl fan ever,
that is prize enough for me.
To be the winner of The Weakest Link is.
but completely unexpected.